Update _index.md (#222)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/_index.md

---

The Mirantis Kubernetes Engine 4 documentation set is provided to help system
administrators and DevOps professionals to configure, install, and operate MKE 4,
covering key concepts and functionalities.

> Like the system software it seeks to represent, the MKE 4 documentation constantly evolves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the system software it seeks to represent, the MKE 4 documentation is constantly evolving.
```
